New DataForMapLocationEvent (#1671)
oskariorg/oskari-frontend: api/mapping/mapmodule/event/DataForMapLocationEvent.md

# DataForMapLocationEvent [rpc]

> Notifies user that map gets GFI results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notifies application that a click on the map resulted in results for that location (GFI style content).
```

## Description

> Event is used to nofify user about the GFI response. Event includes information about the click coordinates and content of GFI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event allows applications to get programmatic access to the content that is normally shown on the map in an `infobox` popup when the user clicks the map (GFI/wfs feature clicks).
```
